Clarify requirements for SDK 5 (MMM) on Ubuntu 22.04 (headless) (#946)
MicroEJ/docs: SDKUserGuide/systemRequirements.rst

- **Operating Systems :**
   - Windows 11, Windows 10, Windows 8.1 or Windows 8
   - Linux distributions (tested on Ubuntu 18.04, 20.04 and 22.04)

     - As of SDK Distribution ``20.10`` (based on Eclipse 2020-06), Ubuntu 16.04 is not supported.
     - For headless installations, to build a Platform, the ``libwebkit2gtk-4.0-37`` package is required additionally.

>      - To build a Platform with MicroUI, the OpenJDK distribution from Ubuntu is not supported. The Eclipse Temurin distribution is recommended.

Author: IMO, the "system requirements" section is more about what you need on your system to **use** the MICROEJ SDK 5 than only about the SDK installation.

The VEE Port build is a valid use case for the MICROEJ SDK 5.
(It is even one of the last use cases for current MICROEJ SDK 6 projects)

Personally, I would avoid troubleshooting because you only go there after encountering the issue (and users may even not check this section / search for the error message in docs.microej.com).

WDYT ?

>      - To build a Platform with MicroUI, the OpenJDK distribution from Ubuntu is not supported. The Eclipse Temurin distribution is recommended.

Reviewer: After discussing with Thomas and Benoit, we agreed that it should be documented in the System Requirements page, but without mentioning the build of a VEE Port or MicroUI, since at this stage an user can ignore what is a VEE Port.
```suggestion
     - For headless installations, the ``libwebkit2gtk-4.0-37`` package is required additionally.
     - The OpenJDK distribution from Ubuntu is not supported. The Eclipse Temurin distribution is recommended.
```
But we should also add a troubleshooting section in the https://docs.microej.com/en/latest/VEEPortingGuide/platformCreation.html# chapter to document the error with a link to the System Requirements page, in case the user didn't read them or skipped the installation of the package.

>      - To build a Platform with MicroUI, the OpenJDK distribution from Ubuntu is not supported. The Eclipse Temurin distribution is recommended.

Author: Ok it makes sense.
I added the two issues to troubleshooting.

- **Operating Systems :**
   - Windows 11, Windows 10, Windows 8.1 or Windows 8
   - Linux distributions (tested on Ubuntu 18.04, 20.04 and 22.04)

     - As of SDK Distribution ``20.10`` (based on Eclipse 2020-06), Ubuntu 16.04 is not supported.

>      - For headless installations, to build a Platform, the ``libwebkit2gtk-4.0-37`` package is required additionally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
```

Author: Applied here: 60778730ab9f6da7b9b0a5a87f28319cd48785e2
